Strata Staff has been our trusted partner for several years, and we are always impressed by their service, professionalism and friendliness. They have a talented and adaptable team that can learn new skills quickly and efficiently. They are flexible and responsive to our needs, and they deliver excellent results. We value their support and expertise greatly.
Joshua Baldwin
President SCA Australasia
Munro Property
Choosing Strata Staff as our offshoring partner has been a game-changer; it has completely transformed our business operations. Their dedication to quality service and seamless communication consistently are consistently impressive. Their exceptional commitment to customer satisfaction, attention to detail, and proactive problem-solving have resulted in significant improvements in our company. Their commitment to excellence maintain our quality and increase productivity.
Michael Haines
President SCA South Australia
Strata Management SA
We have developed a strong sense that we have a partner who not only assists us with our business cost challenges but also collaborates with us in building our offshore team as we continue to be a major player in the strata industry. We are grateful that Strata Staff became our offshore strategic partner in 2023. We started with them with only 5 staff and now we have grown to 21 headcounts, speaks volume on how our requirements have been attended to.
Craig Mowll
Chief Executive Officer
Strata Choice
Strata Staff provided a comprehensive service that surpassed other providers we considered. This meant they could thoroughly grasp our business, including our processes, procedures, and systems. Strata Staff have truly been a partner, they support us on a daily basis so we can focus on what we need to do onshore.
Paul Cvetko-Lueger
Leader of Operations & Business Development
ESM Strata
We have worked with Strata Staff for several years. They fill a very important role for us to complete somewhat repetitive work in a very cost-efficient way. Their systems and structures allow us to get the best possible result from our offshore staff. We are also regularly provided with a high level of accountability feedback to ensure we are getting the best possible result. We have never felt uneasy about expanding the role and responsibilities of our offshore staff.
Jason Elliott
Director
Toowoomba Strata
Working with Strata Staff has been an absolute game-changer for our firm. Their service consistently surpasses our expectations, delivering prompt, professional, and genuinely friendly assistance. What sets them apart is their unwavering commitment to adaptability and continuous learning. The team at Strata Staff not only meets our needs but goes above and beyond to exceed them. Their willingness to accommodate our specific requirements and their proactive approach make their assistance truly invaluable. In every interaction, they demonstrate a level of dedication and expertise that elevates our operations. Partnering with Strata Staff has undoubtedly been one of the best decisions for our firm, and we highly recommend their services to any organisation seeking exceptional support.
Mark Louis
Managing Director
Vital Strata
We have worked with Strata Staff for a few years now and we are so happy to have found them. We have great trust in the team and they have never let us down – each task is actioned efficiently and to a high standard. Strata Staff’s reliability and professionalism have helped us immensely and we highly recommend them.
Strata Bee
Our firm has worked with Strata Staff for a number of years now, and find their service to be prompt, professional and friendly. The team at Strata Staff are always happy to help and have no problems learning new skills. They are willing to work around what our team needs, and we find their assistance to be enormously valuable.
Christine Kelly
Director
Stanton & Taylor Strata Management
Strata Staff service has been very professional and outcome focused. They have a superb team that execute tasks diligently. We expect this relationship to grow much more with the years ahead as we expand offshore requirements using the full depth Strata Staff's expertise.
Felix Xie
Strata Manager
Professionals Strata Team
We use cookies
We use cookies for analytics, security, forms, and embedded services.
Privacy Policy
Accept
Decline